[MUSIC]
In module three,
the point is to learn about Python,
the programming language Python.
The reason why we're talking about that
language is because Python is the best
supported language for
programming in Raspberry Pi.
You can program in several languages,
but it's best supported for
controlling the hardware.
There are lots of APIs that are nice and
easy to use in Python.
So we're gonna use Python and
we use Python Interpreter.
Basically, this whole module is just
to learn about the basics of Python.
Really, most of it is independent
from the Raspberry Pi.
Now, we'll talk about how do you invoke
Python from your Raspberry Pi, right?
We'll start with that.
But then we're just gonna
talk about the rules,
the basics of Python coding in general.
And that's it.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]